add option to select single part and remove isolated vertex (#80)
DGtal-team/DGtalTools-contrib: ChangeLog.md

  - rotNmap: new tools to apply a rotation in the input normal map (it
    rotates both the position and normals orientation to be
    consistant. (Bertrand Kerautret [#70](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtalTools-contrib/pull/70))
  - basicEditMesh: improvement of mesh read using generic reader/writer. 
    (Bertrand Kerautret [#72](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtalTools-contrib/pull/72))
 
 - *Geometry3d*
  - basicMorphoFilter: fix a bug on the dilate/erode options. 
    (Bertrand Kerautret [#74](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtalTools-contrib/pull/74))  
  - graph2vol: new tool to transform graph based object into volumetric object. 
    (Bertrand Kerautret [#76](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtalTools-contrib/pull/76))

>   - meshAxisCutter: new tool cut the input mesh according one axis into several separate meshes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - meshAxisCutter: new tool that cuts the input mesh according one axis into several separate meshes.
```
